Introduction:
Hello I’m Dan, part of the team Development Illustrated or Dev. Il.
(Devil makes work for idle hands).
We took the theme of transmission and went down to a microscopic level.
What else travels by transmission other than bacteria and viruses.
Spent the last 48 slaving over our game Blight.
* Inspiration:
We took inspiration from Niantic, creators of one of the biggest mobile game phenomenons, Ingress, and something about cartoon animals.
We also took inspiration from games such as cookie clicker, simplistic design and game play that anyone can get into.
* Aims:
We set out to make an easily accessible mobile game encouraging team work and exploration of the outside world.
* Overview:
Blight is a game of two sides, bacteria vs viruses and you are the carriers.
These new waring pathogens are fighting for control over the population and you’re helping them spread.
Being around those carrying the same infection well benefit it and help it grow faster, and the faster you grow the more it hinders the other side.
Our initial scope was pretty vast, including random game changing events that would level the playing field or encourage team work between sides. (Health bombs/ Pandemics)
* Game play:
You can tap your chosen pathogen and increase your counter.
With that you can use  it to buy up a range of upgrades which your cell can use.
Some upgrades are cheap and only increase the auto counter.
Some upgrade your pressure, the influence you have on the world around you.
Some increase your contagion, so when attacking locations those cells are worth more.
    (Increase cell count when attacking e.g. a 50% increase means 10 cells are worth 15 on attack, players/location increase in pressure on players)

Some increase your immunity, mean the other team has less power over you.
    (Decrease the percentage effect each player/location has on you, locations also gain boosted defence e.g. 100% on immunity means 10 attacking cells are worth 5)

Our game encourages team play as being around those of your same team increases your auto counter by a small percent depending on how many counts you have.
    (Capped at 5% per player at 1,000,000 counts)
If you have a high contagion rate that cap increase, a high immunity lowers the cap the other players have against you.
    (Maximum resource output capped at 175%)
But when your allies help your auto counter increase, nearby enemy players auto counter decreases by the same amount.
    (Minimum resource output capped at 25%)

Some greatly increase your auto counter, others increase how deadly your cell becomes.
However you can give cells to a host location in a game of tug-of-war across the world.
You can sacrifice some of those upgrade and give up to nine to the host location, increasing its contagion strength, its immunity and decreasing its rate of degeneration.
Keep an eye on the host locations though as they can degrade back to a neutral state if left unattended for too long.
    (Will lose upgrades when control is lost of location)
The benefits to holding more host locations is that it can increase your auto count rate by at least 50%/decrease the enemies by the same.
* Behind the scenes
(I’ll trust you guys to write this)
* Future Implementation:
We would have like to add the random events.
One use items people can use to get a boost/infect host locations.
Unique items for beating host sites (scaled on infection contribution)
Regular scoring system to see who the top infector is plus bonuses to the most effective infector is in local areas/globally.
Various name generation using active items.
Balanced items/More items.
Host location exponential decay?
Pressure gradient on peoples/locations area of effects.
Infection heat maps.
Player pressure on host locations

* Questions?
